Failing test (#18734)
demisto/content: Packs/LogRhythmRest/ReleaseNotes/2_0_8.md

#### Integrations
##### LogRhythmRest v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.4.28442*

> - Fixed an issue when filtering the results from the ***fetch*** command and get an empty list, An error has been thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where an empty response caused the ***fetch-incidents*** command to fail.
```
